ever notice that tiny hole on the bottom
of a padlock
its hidden purpose is to drain water and
help prevent corrosion
it's also the most convenient place to
lubricate the padlock
a drop of oil in there will make it open
and close much easier
the hole in a lollipop stick is not a
free whistle that you might have assumed
in fact it's designed to save your life
the hole stops a person from choking
if it gets stuck in their throat if you
struggle to peel an orange
there's actually a secret way to get
into it efficiently
cut into the peel at the top and bottom
make a slit on one side
and then just pull it open yogurt is a
great healthy snack to eat
provided you have a spoon with you but
if you don't i've got a trick for you
all you need do is twist the foil lid
from the yogurt pot
into the shape of a spoon if you can't
just get rid of the food stuck in your
teeth
you might not be using dental floss the
right way it can be hard to get perfect
results with loose floss
to increase the tension tie it in a knot
that way it won't hurt your hands as
well
grocery carts have metal loops on the
sides for a reason
you don't really want to put your jacket
in the cart next to the onions do you
so hang it on one of the loops these
little things can help organize the
space in your cart better
we all keep our pans in oven drawers
they're designed for kitchenware after
all
but there's another way to use them
that's even more useful
these drawers can actually keep your
dish hot for a while without overcooking
it
remember that the next time your friends
are running late for dinner
plastic cup lids can become super handy
cup holders
there are three small bulges on the
reverse side and the cup fits in there
perfectly
no more coffee stains pretty much
everyone who's
ever been in a public toilet knows what
paper seat covers are for
but many people find them inconvenient
and that's mainly because
they don't know how to use them the
right way the flap should be placed
right in front of you
and drop down into the bowl have you
ever seen those weird cylinders on
cables they're actually handier than
they seem
because they can help reduce high
frequency interference
the little sharp point on the cap of an
ointment tube is there for a reason too
most tubes are usually sealed with foil
and it's better to avoid opening it with
your fingers
unless you're ready to say goodbye to
your nails the point on the cap can open
even the best sealed tube without a
problem
the small bumps on the f and j keys on
your keyboard
have a little known purpose they can
help you find the right key even without
looking at the keyboard
pretty cool if you want to start blind
typing
ever notice the hole in a ruler it's
there if you want to place it on a hook
or draw a perfect circle take a look at
your iphone
you see that weird little dot between
the camera and the flash
well that's a microphone it's used for
recording with the back camera
everyone's eaten a tic tac at least once
in their life but most people don't know
how to get them out of the box properly
if you don't want to eat the 20 of them
that ended up in your hand
use this trick shake the box turn it
upside down
pull the lid and voila now you'll get
just one tic tac every
time the tiny plastic disc under the lid
of your bottle of soda
is not there as part of some competition
it's actually what keeps your drink
fizzy
while the cap stops the liquid leaking
out this plastic disc
holds the gases inside without this
thing cola would just be sweet water
if you've ever tried to use the blue
side of your eraser to get rid of
ink your notebook probably ended up with
holes in it
the blue part is actually meant to be
used to erase pencil marks
from thicker types of paper it does work
with ink as well
but make sure the paper is really thick
stick satchets of sugar or salt are
easier to open than many people think
there's no need to tear off one of the
ends the right way is
actually to tear them down the middle
you might think there's no big
difference
but at least you'll have fewer bits of
paper
driving on the highway can be stressful
and identifying the right exit lane is
sometimes really tricky
but there's actually a simple way to
work it out if the exit sign is aligned
to the right
it means the exit is on the right and if
it's aligned to the left
yeah you got it there's no need to gnaw
on chicken wings
just find the biggest protrusion of
bones in the wing
first twist the skinnier bone wiggle it
and then pull it right out
now you can enjoy your boneless chicken
bottles have long necks for a reason
hold the neck
not the bottle if you want to enjoy a
cold drink the same goes for fancy
glasses
holding it by the stem stops it from
being heated up by your hand
most people don't associate takeaway
food with fancy dinners
but a takeout container can still be
turned into a plate
you just have to unfold it correctly
does two zips for one section of your
bag seem like too much
maybe but it's actually a great
safeguard against pickpocketing
you can put a small lock between the two
zippers to make sure no one can open
your backpack
the slits on a box cutter blade are
there to help you snap
off a piece of it when it wears out to
do so safely
use the lid from the other side of the
box cutter place it on the blade
and bend it to break a section off
a pack of cotton pads has those strings
attached
so you can hang it on a hook or holder
and there's no need to unfasten the pack
every time look at the bottom
it has that perforated line tear along
it
and now you can pull the pads out easily
the button on the back of a shirt collar
is there to hold a tie in place
although with skinny ties being popular
nowadays it's become mostly decorative
pom-poms on clothing sure look nice but
they also used to have a purpose behind
them
there's one unusual theory for how they
came about
french sailors used to hit their heads
against the cabins of their boats when
out on the oceans
so they invented pom-poms to soften the
bump
all running shoes basically have an
anti-blister system in their design
see that extra shoelace hole at the top
of your sneakers
make two loops with these holes by
inserting the loose laces into them
cross the laces over and insert them
into the loops
then pull the laces down and you'll
create a kind of lock
to keep your feet snug in your shoes